These are Ming Dynasty porcelain.
Rumor has it the palace used it.
Although it is not real.
But it's also the best.
The starting price is 3 million.
One price increase of not less than 50 million
I want this.
It's bigger than this bottle of mine.
I'll use it to drink milk later.
If anyone dares to steal from me
Who will I hit?
A fool is a fool.
The salary of a few million to spend 50 million to go home to breastfeed and drink milk.
Hum who would grace to rob you like that
Congratulations to Qin for missing this Ming Dynasty.
Teenagers are honest.
Millions of dollars spent 50 million to buy back a bottle of milk
Who said it's worth millions?
This is much bigger than my bottle.
At least it's worth hundreds of millions.
Hundreds of millions.
This is just Ming Dynasty porcelain.
How to prove he can be worth a hundred million
If not,
If you say he's worth more than a hundred million
then you give up his fiance status completely
if it's not worth a hundred million